Consistent entity-sampling across multiple indexes (#8394)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/indexes/_index.md

{{< img src="logs/indexes/sample_trace_id.png" alt="enable index filters"  style="width:80%;">}}

To ensure sampling consistency across multiple indexes:

> 1. create one exclusion rule in each index,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create one exclusion rule in each index.
```

> 2. use the **same sampling rate** and the **same attribute** defining the higher level entity for all exclusion rules,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the **same sampling rate** and the **same attribute** defining the higher level entity for all exclusion rules.
```

> 3. double-check exclusion rules **filters** and **respective order** (logs only pass through the first matching exclusion rule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Double-check exclusion rules, **filters**, and **respective order** (logs only pass through the first matching exclusion rule).
```

In the following example:

{{< img src="logs/indexes/cross-index_sampling.png" alt="enable index filters"  style="width:80%;">}}

> * In the general case: all logs with a specific `request_id` are either kept or excluded (with 50% probability),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In general, all logs with a specific `request_id` are either kept or excluded (with 50% probability).
```

> * Logs with a `threat:true` tag or a `compliance:true` tag are all kept, whatever the `request_id`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logs with a `threat:true` or `compliance:true` tag are kept regardless of the `request_id`.
```

> * `DEBUG` logs are indexed consistently with `request_id` sampling rule, unless the Debug Logs exclusion filter is enabled in which case they are sampled anyway,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DEBUG` logs are indexed consistently with the `request_id` sampling rule, unless the debug logs exclusion filter is enabled in which case they are sampled.
```

> * 50% of `2XX` Web access logs with an actual `request_id` are kept. All other `2XX` web access logs are sampled based on the 90% exclusion filter rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 50% of the `2XX` web access logs with an actual `request_id` are kept. All other `2XX` web access logs are sampled based on the 90% exclusion filter rule.
```
